Gandalf the Grey,49.9f,USD,Fantastic price. Changeable cloak (grey and white).,Wizard,Lord of the Rings
Uncle Vernon,19.9f,USD,Fat guy with abusive attitude,Muggle,Harry Potter
Samwise Gamgee,59.9f,USD,He cannot carry the ring but he can carry you,Hobbit,Lord of the Rings
Frodo Baggins,49.9f,USD,Tiny ringbearer with curly hair and disturbingly blue eyes,Hobbit,Lord of the Rings
Legolas,34.9f,USD,Perfect for seeing issues. Sees everything instead of you,Elf,Lord of the Rings
Aragorn,54.9f,USD,Heir of Isildur and a bad-ass elf-girl hunter. Greatest warrior of Middle-Earth,Human,Lord of the Rings
Boromir,14.9f,USD,Do not trust this man! Will probably try to take the ring!!4!,Human,Lord of the Rings
Ron Weasley,19.9f,USD,Unimportant ginger buddy. Suites well for French people 'cos he eats snails as fast as hell,Wizard,Harry Potter
Harry Potter,29.9f,USD,The choosen one with the scar on his head,Wizard,Harry Potter
Hermione Granger,39.9f,USD,Crush of every 90's kid,Wizard,Harry Potter
Albus Dumbledore,59.9f,USD,Manipulative old chap but his beard is cool. Probably cousin of Gandalf,Wizard,Harry Potter
Norbert,24.9f,USD,Fascinating misunderstood creature of Hagrid's. May wear some Romanian cultural traces,Dragon,Harry Potter
Hagrid,44.9f,USD,He's a bigger Gimli and a beast-lover semi-giant. It's a shame he is mentioned under this category but let's be honest he's greatest skill is creating a pigtail with an umbrella,Muggle,Harry Potter
Gimli,44.9f,USD,He would die before he sees the ring in an elf's hand,Dwarf,Lord of the Rings
Drogon,69.9f,USD,Gigantic aggressive dragon aka The Winged Shadow,Dragon,Game of Thrones
Dobby,49.9f,USD,Well he may not be as cool as Middle-Earth elves this little boi is a useful tool in defeating dark lords. Has a fetish on socks,Elf,Harry Potter
Obi Wan Kenobi,24.9f,USD,Hello there,Jedi,Star Wars
Anakin Skywalker,20.9f,USD,Psychological wreck aka Darth Vader,Sith,Star Wars
Master Windu,24.9f,USD,Black guy with long purple lightsaber,Jedi,Star Wars
Lord Voldemort,9.9f,USD,Noseless snaky-sneaky guy. Defeated by an infant so he's kind of a looser. Buy one and take one for free!,Dark Lord,Harry Potter
Sauron,33.9f,USD,Former president of Middle-Earth. Was not re-elected due to some issues with stolen jewelery,Dark Lord,Lord of the Rings
Darth Sidious,54.9f,USD,He has power. Un. Limited. Power.,Dark Lord,Star Wars
Darth Plagueis,34.9f,USD,He's one of the most ironic guys.. He could save others from death but not himself. What a prank,Dark Lord,Star Wars
Saruman,43,9f,USD,Leader of a giant orc-army. Likes to blow up mountains and to bungee-jumping from high towers,Dark Lord,Lord of the Rings
General Grievous,24.9f,USD,Bad lunged guy with replacable arms. Abandons ship way too early.,Sith,Star Wars
Count Dooku,30.9f,USD,Old creepy-looking fellow. Twin brother of Saruman,Sith,Star Wars
Jamie Lannister,44.9f,USD,One-handsome knight praised and hated by his world. Tends to stab kings and sisters.,Human,Game of Thrones
Tyrion Lannister,64.9f,USD,Sharp-tongued sharp-minded alcoholic pervert hates by his sister. Always helps cripples and broken things.,Dwarf,Game of Thrones